Manager Joe
I heard you went to the hospital on vacation the other day
Alone?
What vacation do you take alone?
Of course with a handsome guy
I also brought two handsome guys
Have a great time
I heard that Brother Rongzhi also went to the clinic a few days ago
Haven't you met him?
Since you are so interested in Mr. Rong's whereabouts
Why doesn't it irritate you?
A friend of mine told me
He saw Brother Rong in the studio
He said he saw you two together
Could you be reading it wrong?
I didn't go, it was me and Mr. Lin
Mu Liyi took me to the film and television city to watch them filming
And I ran into him.
You don't want to borrow the relationship between these two young masters
Favour Rongzhige
No, I'm less liberated.
Take Rongzhige to close the plan, you can't beat me
My friendship with Rong Zhige is also more than mine
Well, I have to accompany Mr. Rong to play golf in the afternoon
Pay first
Hey
Is Tiantian dating the big boss?
This sweet has a hand
People who parachute
Maybe Tiantian wants to be the president
What about madam
Miss Shen may have said
Who dares to move his position?
Don't worry.
People like sweet
Never be the mother of my child
Whether it's for the kids or the job
I can't lose this competition with Tiantian
Do you have time on weekends in your dreams?
I have something to ask for your help.